chore(architecture): remove deprecated framework info from architecture page (#376)
invictus-integration/docs-ifa: versioned_docs/version-v6.0.0/architecture-diagram.md

- **Dashboard Gateway:** Serves as the backend for the web application, handles all interactions with the database and other dependencies.
- **Flow Handler:** Handles interactions with the Azure management api for the flow actions (Ignore, Resubmit, Resume), flow alerts and message content view features.

> - **Import Functions:** Consist of ImportJob, CacheImportJob and StoreImportJob. The ImportJob functions are used to listen on EventHub for all LogicApp executions, all data is then merged and finally pushed to the Database.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Import Functions:** Consist of ImportJob, CacheImportJob and StoreImportJob. The ImportJob functions are used to listen on EventHub for all Azure Logic App executions, all data is then merged and finally pushed to the Database.
```
